README.md, before:

# Eddie's Epicodus Beep Boop Project

#### Epicodus Beep Boop Number Output Project (for Epicodus), 6/8/18
#### By Eddie Harris


## Description

This is a webpage takes a number and will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number. If the the "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." if you

## Specifications

- 1.) All numbers 0 will be replaced with the text "Beep!" unless specification 2 or 3 are true.

    - Example input: 0
    - Example output: "Beep!"

- 2.) All numbers with a 1 will be replaced with the text "Boop!" unless specification 3 is true.
    - Example input: 10
    - Example output: ""

- 3.) All numbers that are divisible by 3 will be replaced by the text "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone his repository
* Save to Desktop
* Open index.html and run in web browser


## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
JavaScript

### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license

###Legal

Copyright (c) 2018 Eddie Harris

Commit message:

add additional specs to README to account for non-words and negative numbers being entered

README.md, after:

# Eddie's Epicodus Beep Boop Project

#### Epicodus Beep Boop Number Output Project (for Epicodus), 6/8/18
#### By Eddie Harris


## Description

This is a webpage takes a number and will return a range of numbers from 0 to the chosen number. If the the "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." if you

## Specifications

- 1.) Non-numbers that are inputed will receive the message: "Please Enter REAL Numbers Only".

    - Example input: wsdgfgr
    - Example output: "Please Enter REAL Numbers Only"

- 2.) Negative numbers that are inputed will receive the message: "Please Enter POSITIVE Numbers Only"

    - Example input: -2345
    - Example output: "Please Enter REAL Numbers Only"

- 3.) All numbers 0 will be replaced with the text "Beep!" unless specification 4 or 5 are true.

    - Example input: 0
    - Example output: "Beep!"

- 4.) All numbers with a 1 will be replaced with the text "Boop!" unless specification 5 is true.
    - Example input: 10
    - Example output: ""

- 5.) All numbers that are divisible by 3 will be replaced by the text "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone his repository
* Save to Desktop
* Open index.html and run in web browser


## Technologies Used

HTML
CSS
JavaScript

### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license

###Legal

Copyright (c) 2018 Eddie Harris
